So you don't have to go to this day. And they say, "Eb, you're so far, even you call. I don't know
if they were there or not. I don't know another person's call."
So what really it means? What Grand Master Digmy Nampa said?
The prayer to the Lama is not calling far. It is devotion. It is devotion.
Guru Nampa is not just a world guru. It is devotion.
So it means we are calling you and me. What are we calling? We are calling to our devotion.
Really, that is the ultimate meaning. We are calling our devotion.
Our devotion is so slim, so skinny. It is not the opposite.
We've been our devotion diet, diet, strict diet, and so slim, and so skinny.
It is like garasas, garasas, not like king. So it can, any moment it can break.
But we are calling that. Calling from where? From the drift of our nature.
By that nature, we are really going to bring devotion. In Tibet, it is called Mughul.
In English, it is translated as devotion.
Devotion generally is the path. It is very similar.
But the path in Buddhism is called Tamatepa, Dopatepa, Yichipatepa.
That means the path of the clarity, the path of the desire, the path of the confidence.
Three. So this first word, clarity, means clear mind.
That means, for example, when the water is clear.
Very. It can't be like clean, fertilized, what could. Not fertilized, what could this.
Ooh, alkaline, alkaline water. So clear and smooth and soothing, calming and gentle to the stomach,
gentle to the throat and all that.
And the teachings said, I mean that when the teachings like those, alkaline water or purified water
, those are.
When the water is clean, there is no muddy. No mud.
But while our mind is really clear, there is no mud of the emotions, skeptical, hesitation, doubt.
And kind of like what is and the hesitation is.
You know, all this kind of emotion, thought, habit, fragrance is completely subside.
Our clouded mind comes when you see the Buddha's image or when you see the teachings or when you
heard like reading the books.
Our mind comes so clear and calm. It just really kind of opens up to.
That is correctly the emotions. Clear path, calm and deeper a little bit.
According to the teachings, that is first.
When that happened, then continuously, if it happened, then you have the desired path.
That means you like to explore more. That means when you see, for example, water.
You see the clear, beautiful water, like kind of like sapphire water or emerald water in the
Caribbean island and all that.
And now it just is so beautiful. It's so nice and beautiful.
But now you like to jump. You like to swim. You like to snow grain.
You like to diamond color. You like to do that. That is desire.
That's called the desire. So that means you like to engage more on the teaching practice, like that
desire.
Now that develops strongly. Strongly. That's called then. Like unfailing. Fair.
Or without any change. Completely becomes strong. So that means confidence.
And you got really confident from your practice, meditation or contemplations.
You got not just the Buddha said and teaching said something.
But yourself. Now that's not going to move or change.
Unshakeable. That's called in the Caribbean.
Yee-chi-pa-te-pa. Yee-chi-pa-te-pa.
When you have that yee-chi-pa-te-pa, then this devotion, moo-guh comes.
Moo-guh is what is called.
Devotion is paired with respect, with precious feeling, moo-guh in it.
Really that is like un-yurning.
Yurning attitude with respect is the moo-guh strongly.
So now what you're revealing, when you call in Lama, externally Lama played as a consequence.
Or lineage Lama played as a consequence.
But cause of that calling Lama, you're revealing your joy, your devotion, your connection, your
audience nature.
And it's this cat, this audience nature.
This is like calling Lama, it's zou-chin, like every uterus.
It's zou-chin teaching, zou-chin. And zou-chin is not outside.
Zou-chin is our mind, nature of the mind, our rupa, our awareness.
That is what we are calling.
That is here his own visual description teacher said absolute Lama.
Absolute Lama, unshakable Lama, unchangeable Lama.
The Lama that with all that come with you, whether we call, whether we don't call, call with all
the prayers, is here.
That's what we're going to reveal.
So therefore, this is what really calling Lama power practices.
And that is here, and again here.
So therefore, I mean, generally, there is many calling Lama power by many great masters of all.
And one of the famous one is also by Lama Jambung, Lama Jambung.
Lama Jambung, Lama Jambung.
That brings the, like, kind of, it just brings heart.
Heart is the power of the heart to calling.
And that is more lineage Lama prayers.
It's externally invoking the power and the wishing you achieve those high realization qualities,
qualities.